Copyright (c) 2008-2010 The University of Manchester
All rights reserved.

You may consider these test-certificates as public domain:
  http://creativecommons.org/licenses/publicdomain/


Copyright-Only Dedication (based on United States law) or Public Domain
Certification

The person or persons who have associated work with this document (the
"Dedicator" or "Certifier") hereby either (a) certifies that, to the best of
his knowledge, the work of authorship identified is in the public domain of
the country from which the work is published, or (b) hereby dedicates whatever
copyright the dedicators holds in the work of authorship identified below (the
"Work") to the public domain. A certifier, moreover, dedicates any copyright
interest he may have in the associated work, and for these purposes, is
described as a "dedicator" below.

A certifier has taken reasonable steps to verify the copyright status of this
work. Certifier recognizes that his good faith efforts may not shield him from
liability if in fact the work certified is not in the public domain.

Dedicator makes this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to
the detriment of the Dedicator's heirs and successors. Dedicator intends this
dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present
and future rights under copyright law, whether vested or contingent, in the
Work. Dedicator understands that such relinquishment of all rights includes
the relinquishment of all rights to enforce (by lawsuit or otherwise) those
copyrights in the Work.

Dedicator recognizes that, once placed in the public domain, the Work may be
freely reproduced, distributed, transmitted, used, modified, built upon, or
otherwise exploited by anyone for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial,
and in any way, including by methods that have not yet been invented or
conceived.



THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
